feat: add "add_to_userinfo" and "add_to_token_introspection" to user session note mapper (#1610)
keycloak/terraform-provider-keycloak: docs/resources/openid_user_session_note_protocol_mapper.md

- `session_note_label` - (Optional) **Deprecated** Use `session_note` instead.

> - `add_to_id_token` - (Optional) Indicates if the property should be added as a claim to the id token. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `add_to_id_token` - (Optional) Indicates if the session note should be added as a claim to the id token. Defaults to `true`.
```

> - `add_to_access_token` - (Optional) Indicates if the property should be added as a claim to the access token. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `add_to_access_token` - (Optional) Indicates if the session note should be added as a claim to the access token. Defaults to `true`.
```
